Mike Schwarz: Bonjour! Bon mataine!
Mike Schwarz: Lurek, I just ordered the new,
Mike Schwarz: iPhone… what are they called? The AirPod Next Gen, AirPod 4s, I think they are called, with the real-time language translation? You're… you're muted, by the way.
Mike Schwarz: And we can't hear you yet.
Ulric: Sorry, do you hear me, guys?
Mike Schwarz: Yeah, now we hear you.
Ulric: Alright, yeah, for the, for the AirPod, yeah, this seems awesome.
Mike Schwarz: Yeah, all the reviews seem incredible. I ordered… I got on the waitlist right away, and apparently, like, the noise cancellation is really, really good. Like, you know, if you've used them on an airplane, you can still kind of hear the background hum. It lowers it from, like, a 10 to a 4. Apparently, the new ones bring it right down to, like, a 1. You can barely even hear the… those background noises, so you can really focus in on the…
Mike Schwarz: The language translation.
Mike Schwarz: And yeah, I'm excited. I have, like, perfectly good AirPod 3s, but I'm like, I need to test out that real-time language translation.
Ulric: That seems nice, though, even for the noise cancellation, because I'm still, right now, I'm waiting for my first son to be born, like, probably this week or the next week, so there's gonna… probably they're gonna have some crying in the process, so probably the noise cancellation will be a nice thing to have.
Ulric: It's my head today.
Mike Schwarz: That was, like, the understatement of the month. Probably there'll be some crying through this process, yeah.
Ulric: Exactly. I'm pretty sure that's guaranteed, yeah. Yeah, that's what they told me, so…
Mike Schwarz: Yeah, that's what I heard.
Ulric: I also said this because probably I'm gonna be out of the office for 2 or 3 weeks.
Ulric: Starting at… probably, at the end of next week, if my girlfriend is not,
Ulric: I'm gonna… actually, we're not going to the hospital this week, so just to inform you guys that I will keep in touch, but I will take this file again once I return to the office, and probably mid-October.
Mike Schwarz: Amazing. Congratulations.
Jeannette Tran: And we must see pictures, like, I am baby a boy.
Ulric: Of course!
Jeannette Tran: And so you must send me pictures so I can just sit there and
Jeannette Tran: He's so jealous that I'm not holding on the board.
Ulric: I'll be… I'll be annoying. If you… if you let this door.
Jeannette Tran: It does.
Ulric: I'll be.
Jeannette Tran: I'll be very, very annoying, it lights up my day.
Mike Schwarz: I'm gonna find out in, at 9 o'clock if I'm coming to Montreal. Not that you're gonna be in a condition that you want to see me, but I might just knock on your door with a gift or something.
Mike Schwarz: I've got the chair of Tiger21. Do you know Tiger21?
Ulric: Tiger21? No, I don't know what's this.
Mike Schwarz: It's a… it's a group, it's kind of like YPO, but next level. Minimum, it's… it's for rich people with family offices. They get together and they share investment advice, and they.
Ulric: Hmm.
Mike Schwarz: Yeah, who would you know in that group?
Mike Schwarz: Jesus.
Ulric: Interesting, though, because our business is to manage, like a family office, the money of rich investors, so…
Mike Schwarz: Yeah, I'm surprised you don't know who the… do you know, Randall Ettinger?
Ulric: Not myself. Maybe Udo knows him.
Mike Schwarz: He was actually at the, summit, the AI summit we did at that restaurant, Hiatus. That's where I met him, and he brought me in. So he runs a,
Mike Schwarz: He's… he's building a fund of some sort for some…
Mike Schwarz: We're just starting with him, and it's new, and he's got some new startup, and… but anyway, he is one of the chairs of Tiger 21, but I'm meeting the chair for all of Quebec.
Mike Schwarz: And basically, to get into that group, you know how in, like, YPO, you need to have a minimum $10 million or $12 million in revenue, and, you know, EO, we have, like, a $1.5 million threshold. Well, Tiger 21 is you need to have a net personal wealth over $40 million.
Ulric: I am.
Mike Schwarz: I'm like, So, yeah, and he was listening…
Ulric: We're not there yet, though, it's, it's.
Mike Schwarz: So I think it'd be really good networking, and it's all… I'm building more of a cluster there in Montreal, and I can see a lot of synergies with you, and but yeah, I'm meeting with them, they're excited to… we already signed them as a client.
Mike Schwarz: And this is meeting with the chair about some potential speaking opportunities. If it works out, I'll be, coming there around the week of October 6th to 10th-ish.
Ulric: Okay.
Mike Schwarz: I'll just be in town for a couple days, so, yeah, it'd be great to meet up.
Ulric: Well, yeah, I'll try, maybe, even if I'm out of the office, trying to do something with you guys. So, yeah, I'll let you know, Mike.
Ulric: Since we're in Montreal, of course. And I also have maybe some, if you want to grab a lunch or take a coffee, with some of, our network of people in real estate, they'll probably be interested to have, some contact with you. So, yeah, I'll keep you informed, Mike.
Mike Schwarz: Very cool, very cool. Okay, well, we'll keep you posted how that goes. They had a verbal, they wanted to book me, and I'll probably be just in for a…
Mike Schwarz: one or two days, and, like, a really quick trip, and say hello, but we'll confirm that, shortly. Okay, so I, I,
Mike Schwarz: It's been a while since I…
Jeannette Tran: I'll repeat.
Jeannette Tran: Pardon me? Because we only have 20, now 20 minutes, and so how about I just give the high-level overview, and then you guys.
Ulric: Absolutely, yeah.
Mike Schwarz: Yeah, okay, go ahead, thanks.
Ulric: I'm still… I was confused about the hours.
Jeannette Tran: Oh, I totally get it, and I get totally what you were saying, and I did follow up with Justin. So, Mike, just so you're up to speed, Justin has done two scopes. I'm not sure if he sent one yesterday or Monday, so… but you said you were going to speak about it here, but both those scopes, one came in at 64 hours, and one came in at 45 hours.
Jeannette Tran: And so, he was concerned because, you know, before, when we were scoping, it was, like, 5 to 10 hours, or 10 to 15 hours, and so the scopes have increased quite a bit.
Jeannette Tran: And from Justin's point of view, he's like, those were estimates, and once he got, like, deeper discovery, he was like, there was, like, a lot more work there that needed to be done. And so, we just want, Mike, you to kind of
Jeannette Tran: just… let's realign on hours and IPA projects, and they're in Asana right now. Mike, if you pull up his client Asana, the… everything's in there. Just a little update with Marcos. Marcos has completed the bot and is in the testing phase.
Jeannette Tran: Right now, and…
Jeannette Tran: So that was, like, the first kind of win, but yeah, the concern is the automations that we're scoping on that are critical and, high are a little bit higher of ours.
Mike Schwarz: Yeah, and that's… that's actually the first time that this has happened. We've done this about…
Mike Schwarz: 10, 12 times now with… since we started this division a year ago, and most of the time, they're coming in below estimates. This is the first time that I've seen this. Usually, people are like, how the heck is… like, these numbers are too low. So, I have total trust in Justin with that. Jeanette, if you can set up a meeting with me and Justin just to
Mike Schwarz: Spend half an hour and dig through that.
Mike Schwarz: One thing that I will be looking for in that meeting is, can we version this? Can we create, like, a version 1 MVP that's lightweight, that gets…
Ulric: That's my ID, too, yeah.
Mike Schwarz: I get 80% of the benefits with 20% of the cost, and get this thing up and running so you can have some quick wins. That's one thing I'll be looking for. Another thing I would look for is
Mike Schwarz: I can't remember… how many total processes did we look at in the initial discovery? Was it just a… like, can you… can you guys refresh my memory? You're muted, Jeanette.
Ulric: I think we have kind of a…
Mike Schwarz: at your…
Ulric: Automation task.
Jeannette Tran: Yeah, so there, there's, there's quite a few. So, there's 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, and they're all… they're all…
Jeannette Tran: Done, like, for high, critical, medium, low.
Mike Schwarz: So, the other thing we can do, and the reason why I usually recommend we look at at least 5 processes at once, great, we've got 10. The wider we cast that net, the better we can sort of look for those high ROI things.
Mike Schwarz: So what we usually do is we'll first do a high-level triage, find the top opportunities and really rough estimates. Then we drill down, do deeper discovery. In the process of deeper discovery, we go from, like, rough estimates to, like, okay, I've got a lot of clarity, what's involved.
Mike Schwarz: So what we could do, if we can't find, like, an MVP for these two that we're talking about, we can dig deeper into the other ones, and do more discovery and find out where the highest ROI is.
Mike Schwarz: Right, so those are the sort of two paths that I see. One is dig into the two, find an MVP version one where we can hopefully spend 20% of the effort, get 80% of the results, and still provide a lot of value, and have a much cheaper price.
Mike Schwarz: or we look down some of those other paths to find something that has higher return on investment. Well, Rick, does that resonate with you, or is there sort of one of those two paths that you would prefer?
Ulric: Yeah, I think the, the MVP one would be probably better for us at the first step, just because we have this, these three first automation tasks. The first one was the new data sync, the past disbursement loans
Ulric: processing with the documents, and the deal rating with Julien. I think maybe we can go for an MVP with that. We just want to have some, a first quick win to see how we can move forward, and how we can manage our own expectation as well, for all of the next steps that we want to do with you guys. It's just that I was very surprised that it was, like, 10 times the first scope of Justin.
Ulric: I understand the… I understand this margin of hours that we can have for some of these tasks. It's just that 10 times what was a bit higher, maybe, for us at first sight.
Mike Schwarz: Yeah, I mean…
Ulric: We, we, we were… how can I say it? We were, like,
Ulric: we were, like, enthusiastic to see something in the first 3 months, maybe it was optimistic, and we can delay that with no problem. But to see our first step, with, something around 15,000 that we put, on AI for this mid-quarter of the year, so…
Ulric: this is just why I… if I can see some of quick wins that we can do with this $15,000,
Ulric: I think we will just be more, like, ease to go forward with the… all of the other steps, and that's what we want to do, is just that since these… the hour seems very higher than we expected, we just want to have some… an MVP, or a first step, before going forward with the rest of the hours.
Ulric: But we see a long-term relationship with you guys. It's just that we want to see that, and since we see these hours, this is why I put a bit of a hold on all that for a first step.
Mike Schwarz: Yeah, I, I hear you 100%. If I was you, I would be, what the heck? And again, first time it's happened.
Ulric: No, no, I trust.
Mike Schwarz: Yeah, and I know, I know, I know.
Ulric: It's a niche industry that we have, so I understand.
Mike Schwarz: And our, our, if anything, this will be a learning thing for the team, is like, don't… like, the rough estimates need to be more accurate. What they usually do, the way that we do the rough estimates, quickly like that, is we just look from past experiences. Like, we've automated most of these sorts of things already before, and in the past, it would take this much time, and
Mike Schwarz: But, I have… I've actually…
Mike Schwarz: I started building a new discovery template that asks a specific set of questions, like, I really built it out, and so… because a lot of the cost will change based on the different tools that we're using and the APIs, and whether we can go in through the back through a friendly API, or if we have to do an agent in the front, or how many different systems we have to connect to.
Mike Schwarz: And so, at a general, high-level, quick review, like, normally you would spend, like, one hour scoping out one
Mike Schwarz: process alone, and we do kind of do one hour to get the high-level 10 and do some quick…
Mike Schwarz: Assessments, so that we can start to drill down and then do the deeper discovery.
Mike Schwarz: And I think what we need to do is just ask better questions. I don't know, Mel, if you saw the new discovery doc that I was working on a couple days ago, that was one of the reasons behind it, is to… there's a very strict set of questions that we need to get before the team will do their rough estimates, and that will help in the future.
Mike Schwarz: But, so why don't we do this? We'll meet with Justin and see if, we've already had this sort of chat with him on Slack, but we'll have it over a call and see where we're at in terms of MVP and ours, and what he can do to sharpen pencils on his side.
Mike Schwarz: And then…
Ulric: Sorry, Mike, maybe we can also, I'll just,
Ulric: Something like, just an automation of adding, for example, documents that we receive on email, and new fi- new loan requests that we have.
Ulric: on our Google Drive and Mortgage Automator, which we… we will open the API if it's that better for you guys. So, I know Justin working on that with Mortgage Automator for having the… seeing if the API and the scope of work is doable with you.
Ulric: for an AI agent, and it seems… it seems going in the right direction. So, if we can have something like an MVP, just, for example, creating a document from an email, on our Google Drive and Mortgage Automator automatically with the 40, 30 hours that we have left.
Ulric: I think this is something that seems doable from the scope of work that I saw from Justin. So this is just an idea for having just a… just a wow effect for the team, before going forward with all the rest. So, this can be a very simple MVP, just helping us,
Ulric: Having, something that will help us our internal process, managing all…
Mike Schwarz: Okay, okay, sounds good. That's good context. We'll share this video with Justin, and then he'll watch this before I have the meeting with him, so that's a helpful guidance around what the MVP could look like, or what's valuable.
Mike Schwarz: But, my guess, usually what we'll see here, if… if we were to draw, like, a little bar chart about all the different things that are adding up to the hours, there'll be a bunch of little short lines, and there'll be a couple, like, real big ones, like, that'd be like…
Mike Schwarz: I just need to identify, specifically what shot the price up, and if that's truly critical. I haven't talked to him specifically about this, but yeah, it could be as simple as, like, hey, if we want to avoid the API licensing cost of upgrading the mortgage automator
Mike Schwarz: To that package, so we can…
Ulric: I think we have a few hours just for programming an AI agent for, like, bypassing the API of mortgage. So at a first step, we will just open the API and pay the cost if we can, like, manage some hours that can be, that can be graded for that.
Mike Schwarz: Yeah, we'll see. There might be a situation where we get this thing up and fast and pay the fees, and then within 3 months, we can say, okay, let's invest in removing those.
Ulric: Yeah, exactly, exactly, yeah, yeah. We just want to cease… something…
Ulric: Quick… a quick, valuable thing that we can have for this $15,000.
Ulric: And we're still pretty open to see anything that you guys can do from our business perspective.
Ulric: But yeah, it's just before going forward with all the others, automation process, since we have maybe, like, 100 hours, so it's, like, 90 more hours than expected, just to see how much we can manage all that.
Mike Schwarz: Understood. Okay, so just to confirm financially, so instead of going to the $5,000 monthly retainer, you want it to sort of max out at the $15,000, let's get some wins, and then we review after we can see what we bring to the table after the first 15, correct? Yeah, exactly.
Jeannette Tran: I think we have 40, just on the top of my head, don't quote me, but right 40-some.
Ulric: No.
Jeannette Tran: left of September, I can just look up it right now, but I'm pretty sure what's left on your account is 40-some hours, but I… that's not taking in if… what work has been done the last week and a half, because that was, like, a week and a half when I… when I checked.
Ulric: Yeah, and I have total confidence in you guys, like, I saw the hours, and I was very amazed that we have so much left hours from the retainer, so yeah.
Mike Schwarz: Yeah, it's…
Ulric: stick with all that.
Mike Schwarz: And Melai, this reminds me a little bit of, the program we did with media buying in the past, where we know the first 3 months are the hardest months. There's all that, you know, extra time, the setup, the discovery, the what have you. I'm wondering if with this program, like, one of the KPIs, Ulrich, we're focused on is time to first automation and time to first, like, ROI. Like, when can we show the client value?
Mike Schwarz: And depending on how we approach it, it can be fast or slow, and we're trying to really just speed that up. Melai, let's… let's figure out with this program if there's a way that we can
Mike Schwarz: discount hourly rates in the first month or two to accelerate things, because this, this, I mean, just speaking freely between entrepreneurs here with Ulrich, like.
Mike Schwarz: it's so important that, like, a lot of people, they try out these programs. There's just a huge element of trust. It's like, I met Mike and Jeanette, they look cool, this sounds exciting, let's try it, let's see it, but…
Mike Schwarz: I'm a little nervous, and I gotta, like… I'm happy to invest as long as I can see ROIs there. I need to build approval with my team and momentum. We really should…
Mike Schwarz: Find a way to, like…
Mike Schwarz: we just really need to really zero in on how do we get to that first value thing where they can say, hey, I'm getting high ROI, and I know we've sped things up a lot, like, Ulrick, we used to do deep discovery on the whole part of the business. Sometimes it's two, three months of discovery and planning, and now we do that.
Ulric: Of course.
Mike Schwarz: one-hour meeting, and here's the top 10, narrow it down. We've been condensing it, but I think there's a little bit more we can do about, like, just speeding up that.
Mike Schwarz: that time to first value, or that time-to-first automation, we'll sort of debate that internally. This whole program, as you know, is fairly new for us. It's about a year old, and we have roughly 10, 12 clients on it, and we're constantly, like, learning how do we make it better, how do we make it faster, how do we make it more valuable, and
Mike Schwarz: So, yeah, for me, like.
Mike Schwarz: this thing is ready to scale into a massive company once we can sign clients up, and within the first 30 days, they're just like, you just saved me a lot more than I'm paying you, like, let's go, and these things will scale quickly.
Ulric: I totally think the same thing than you, Mike, and and yeah, we're very enthusiast with all of these next steps that we will do with you guys. So yeah, maybe on my side, I will wait for another scope of work from Justin, if I understand clearly.
Mike Schwarz: Yeah.
Ulric: just having MVP or something, and we will go forward with that, and see what's happening, but yeah, we'll…
Mike Schwarz: Yeah, well, I'll…
Ulric: or if it accepts.
Mike Schwarz: We'll send this recording to Justin, and then me and Justin will have a meeting, we'll dive through his plan, pick it apart, find those MVPs, see what we can do creatively to get you some real value quickly, and then, yeah, I mean, I'm… we'll find you high ROI ASAP, that's the goal.
Jeannette Tran: I'm sure… And I will let Milane know to pause the retainer for October, then. I'll pause the retainer for October until we…
Ulric: Yep.
Jeannette Tran: Winds under my belt, is that correct?
Mike Schwarz: Yeah, so.
Ulric: If there's, like, a bit… a little bit of a buffer, of course, I would agree on going forward, but just maybe just pause it just for the next month, just to don't also roll over all these hours for the next month as well.
Mike Schwarz: Yeah, and look, if we can get you high-value automation by the end of September.
Ulric: Oh, the…
Mike Schwarz: As soon as we get that automation rolled out, I get it, it makes sense. And that's… for me, that's more than enough budget to get you a win. If we can't get you a win with that budget, I will keep working until we find you a win, and then, you know…
Ulric: That's appreciated. If you are able to do something by the end of September, this will be an awesome win. No needs to have this kind of short delay, but…
Mike Schwarz: This will be equally better as my new son.
Ulric: Nope.
Jeannette Tran: And like I said, I am so excited to see those pictures, so you make sure that you send them over.
Ulric: I have to show you the room of my kids, it's like… I was going crazy with that. I have all these… I have dogs print on the wall, so I will show you all this, of course. Yes, please!
Jeannette Tran: I did the same thing, I did stickers, like, I did this whole tree, and it was, like, each individual leaf was, like, a sticker, and I sat there, like, pregnant and sweating, and just, like, everything had.
Ulric: Awesome.
Jeannette Tran: so perfect, you know? Like, because it's like…
Ulric: That's a baby.
Jeannette Tran: So, I get that.
Mike Schwarz: Did you buy a bunch of, stickers and stuff off of Amazon as well, Ulrich?
Ulric: No, I was… I wasn't… I don't know, you say it in English, but tapestry.
Mike Schwarz: I like the… the… more like the cloth, the, like…
Ulric: It's.
Mike Schwarz: Oh, it's, it's, like, art that's fabric?
Ulric: Yeah, fabric, exactly, yeah.
Jeannette Tran: Oh, yes, please send me a picture.
Ulric: So, I have all of these fabrics on the wall, and it was like a big debate with my girlfriend which kind of fabric we will have, and we finished with dogs with hat, so… it seems…
Ulric: It seems the ugliest thing in the world, but it's pretty cute, honestly.
Melai Geronimo: I know I'm new to the account, but can you copy me on that email?
Melai Geronimo: I want to see.
Ulric: I have a fabric of a dog impersonating David Bowie, so it's kind of a vibe.
Jeannette Tran: Oh, okay, yeah, it's a must that we must see that.
Mike Schwarz: It sounds a lot more efficient than what Jeanette did. So Jeanette went to Amazon and ordered this.
Jeannette Tran: No, it was, like, a custom mural place, it wasn't Amazon.
Mike Schwarz: It's like a ghost.
Ulric: No, that's awesome.
Mike Schwarz: And the sticker was so big, like, if it was on this wall, it would have filled, like…
Jeannette Tran: Killed the whole wall, yeah.
Mike Schwarz: And then it was, like, a tree, a giant tree, which was in bigger pieces.
Mike Schwarz: But then it was all of these leaves, and then the leaves were… and the illustration, the leaves were supposed to sort of be blowing off the tree and falling, and so the entire wall, like, she spent, I don't know how many hours…
Ulric: No, no, it seems awesome, and you do it only for you, you don't do it for the kids, it doesn't…
Jeannette Tran: I didn't even sleep in the room for 2 years!
Ulric: Yes, how are you?
Jeannette Tran: But yeah, you do it for you, for sure. But I know we only have 6 minutes left, and I actually wanted to introduce you to Malai, so she is the most…
Jeannette Tran: because I don't think you've met her yet. She is the most amazing account manager that we have. Like, I… I am the… I'm the worst. I have a coaching background.
Jeannette Tran: And that's where I need to be, and Malai's, like, she's so organized, and she's just gonna blow you out of the water. And, so we brought her in, for your account. So you get the best of the best, and so this is…
Melai Geronimo: I'm the most annoying. I'm gonna hound you for things already.
Ulric: The expectations are really high, Melan.
Melai Geronimo: I know! Oh my god, Seth, lower, please!
Mike Schwarz: You can't set those expectations too high, and Melai and Jeanette have very different skill sets, so we really want Jeanette to focus on the coaching and the education side of AI, and I think what makes an account manager amazing, or what makes Meli amazing, is it's a blend between the people skills
Mike Schwarz: and the relationship building, but then, like, just super detail-oriented in terms of project management and Gantt charts, and holding teams accountable, and what have you. And, yeah, Jeanette does not like getting into the…
Mike Schwarz: Yeah, she's more of the people side, and Melai is people on the client-facing side, but she can, like, set up a detailed… like, she just finished,
Mike Schwarz: a… the Abbotsford International Air Show, and she's managing a team of, like, 10 to 12 people in big budgets, and I go in there, and I'm like… she doesn't even get any feedback from me, she just runs the whole thing along with her. So she's… she's super detail-oriented, and will keep everything organized. And as things.
Ulric: Speed up.
Mike Schwarz: Like, at the beginning stages, it's not as critical. We're working on, you know, like, one or two, but as we pick up momentum and get you ROI, like, I would like to see a point, like, where we have five different automation projects on the go at a time, and they're all high ROI, and then you need somebody like Melai in the trenches with the developers, coordinating between you and them to make sure that everything is happening on time, so…
Mike Schwarz: Super stoked to have Mele on the team. She also works with some other clients in Montreal as well, so…
Ulric: Awesome. So, very nice to meet you, Melai. I have to go soon. Could you please, guys, ask Justin to put this recording of our meeting in the drive that we have?
Ulric: For AI, and I will just wait for the new scope of work, and I'm pretty enthusiast for the next steps with you, so…
Mike Schwarz: Which reform?
Ulric: Yeah.
Mike Schwarz: Which recording from Justin?
Ulric: This one.
Mike Schwarz: Oh, yeah, yeah, well.
Ulric: Just because Justin nowhere's the folders of the drive that we share together, so…
Melai Geronimo: I can grab it from him, and then I'll figure it out.
Ulric: If we have… honestly, if we have… I think we record all of our meetings, if we can have it directly on the folders, I don't know if this is the case, so we'll be awesome.
Jeannette Tran: We have a Slack channel. Did you accept my Slack channel invite? Let me just check.
Ulric: I think, yeah, I think I accepted, but I never use it, so yeah, I will go on the…
Mike Schwarz: So we have an automation where these recordings, AI will analyze them and automatically put the summary
Mike Schwarz: the link to the text transcript for processing with AI, and then a link to the video as well. So that automatically goes into your Slack channel, but.
Jeannette Tran: So he didn't accept, it expired. So what I can do, this might be easier for you, Lurek, is, we have Slack, and you don't have to pay, I'm just adding you as a guest, so you only have access to that one channel. And so…
Jeannette Tran: We can put any recording that has ever happened in that forecast.
Mike Schwarz: Yeah, and it's part of, like, centralizing data. We kind of use Slack as a hub for all communications, and then if something happens over here, we bring it into Slack so that we can have AI agents that can then analyze that channel and keep track of everything that we've set.
Ulric: Okay, perfect. Yeah, yeah, I'm sorry, Jeanette, for missing the link for.
Jeannette Tran: Oh, no, it's just another tool, like, I get sometimes people get, like, tool fatigue. They're like, I just…
Jeannette Tran: One more thing?
Ulric: Weeks are hard, especially waiting for my kid. Alright, so I have to go, guys. Thank you so much. I will wait for the new scope of work, and let me know if you need anything.
Mike Schwarz: Do you know who John Coloda is?
Ulric: No.
Mike Schwarz: Okay, he's the chair of Tiger 21, he just popped into the waiting room. Do you want to…
Ulric: I can't.
Mike Schwarz: intro.
Mike Schwarz: Maybe I should build a relationship with him and see if I can get him to.
Ulric: Yeah.
Mike Schwarz: invest.
Ulric: It will be amazing, of course. Have a great meeting, Mike. See you soon, guys. Bye-bye.
Jeannette Tran: to my work.